Fix agent JVM version guidance in upgrade docs (#9260)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/platform-information/upgrade-java-to-21.adoc

=== JVM version on agents

Agents don't need to run the exact same Java version as the controller,  they just need to run at least the minimum Java version required by the controller.

> When upgrading your Jenkins controller to Java 21, make sure all agents are running Java 21 or later.

Reviewer: Perhaps more accurate to say
```suggestion
Before upgrading your Jenkins controller to a version which requires Java 21 (or later), make sure all agents are running Java 21 (or later).
```

Author: Yea this looks good!
But the pr has already been merged so the apply suggestion btn is disabled
I will keep this in mind and change it when working on future documentation changes
